DOCS-9542-validation-reorganization-kt (#1165)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: validation/1.4/modules/ROOT/pages/validation-examples.adoc

= Validation Module Examples 1.4 - Mule 4

> The following examples illustrate how to configure Validation module supported operations both in Anypoint Studio and the XML editor.

Reviewer: Validation module-supported operations

> == Configure Is IP Operation

Reviewer: the Is IP Operation
Global for each section title

> The *Is IP* operation checks that a given IP address is valid. It supports both IPV4 and IPV6 addresses. In the case of IPV6, both full and collapsed addresses are supported, but addresses containing ports are not supported.

Reviewer 2: active voice
```suggestion
The *Is IP* operation checks that a given IP address is valid. It supports both IPV4 and IPV6 addresses. In the case of IPV6, the operation supports both full and collapsed addresses, but not addresses containing ports.
```

The following example shows how to configure the operation in Anypoint Studio:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *Validation > Is IP*.

> . Drag *Is IP* to the Studio canvas.

Reviewer 2: Previous sentences like this one us "onto the Studio canvas" (on top of).

. In the *Is IP* configuration screen, complete the following parameters: +
+
* *Ip* +
`payload`
* *Message* +

> `The value provided is not a valid IP address`

Reviewer: I would add a period at the end of this message since it is a sentence.

+

.Is IP Configuration
image::validation-isip.png[Is IP Configuration]

In the XML editor, the configuration looks like this:

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<validation:is-ip ip="#[payload]" message="The value provided is not a valid IP address"/>
----

> == Configure Is URL Operation

Reviewer: the Is URL Operation

> The *Is URL* operation validates that a given String can be interpreted as a URL. This is done by invoking the URL (String) constructor in the `java.net.URL` class. If this constructor throws an exception, then the validation fails. Any String that this constructor accepts is considered valid.

Reviewer: I am not sure about capitalizing String.

> The *Is URL* operation validates that a given String can be interpreted as a URL. This is done by invoking the URL (String) constructor in the `java.net.URL` class. If this constructor throws an exception, then the validation fails. Any String that this constructor accepts is considered valid.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The *Is URL* operation validates that a given string can be interpreted as a URL. This is done by invoking the URL (string) constructor in the `java.net.URL` class. If this constructor throws an exception, then the validation fails. Any string that this constructor accepts is considered valid.
```

Reviewer 2: I have this in the Term Presentation List but am not sure how to apply it to the above text, so...you decide, based on...:

string, String type

String class

string object (Internet search for all string terms)

The following example shows how to configure the operation in Anypoint Studio:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *Validation > Is URL*.

> . Drag *Is URL* to the Studio canvas.

Reviewer 2: onto?

> . In the *Is URL* configuration screen, set the *URL* field to `vars.callbackUrl`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the *Is URL* configuration screen, set the *URL* field to `vars.callbackUrl`:
```

.Is URL Configuration
image::validation-isurl.png[Is URL Configuration]

In the XML editor, the configuration looks like this:

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<validation:is-url url="#[vars.callbackUrl]"/>
----

> == Configure Is Blank String Operation

Reviewer: ...the...

> 

Reviewer 2: GLOBALLY review use of String vs. string based on TPL entries.
PLEASE let me know if I need to adjust the TPL entries.

The *Is blank string* operation validates that the provided value is a blank String.

The following example shows how to configure the operation in Anypoint Studio:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *Validation > Is blank string*.

> . Drag *Is blank string* to the Studio canvas.

Reviewer 2: ditto re. to vs. onto; GLOBAL (I will stop marking)

> . In the *Is blank string* configuration screen, set the *Value* field to `payload`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the *Is blank string* configuration screen, set the *Value* field to `payload`:
```

.Is blank string Configuration
image::validation-isblankstring.png[Is blank string Configuration]

In the XML editor, the configuration looks like this:

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<validation:is-blank-string value="#[payload]"/>
----

== Configure the Is Elapsed Operation

> The *Is elapsed* operation validates that a given time has elapsed since the specified initial time.

Reviewer 2: Clarify "the specified initial time"?

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<validation:is-elapsed time="20" timeUnit="SECONDS" since="#[vars.initialTime]"/>
----

== Configure the Is Email Operation

The *Is email* operation checks that a given email is valid. The value defaults to the email payload.

The following example shows how to configure the operation in Anypoint Studio:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *Validation > Is email*.
. Drag *Is email* to the Studio canvas.
. In the *Is email* configuration screen, complete the following parameters:
+
* *Email* +
`vars.email`
* *Message* +
`The value is not a valid email.`
+

.Is email Configuration
image::validation-isemail.png[Is email Configuration]

In the XML editor, the configuration looks like this:

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<validation:is-email email="#[vars.email]" message="The value is not a valid email"/>
----

== Configure the Is Empty Collection Operation

The *Is empty collection* operation validates that the provided value is an empty collection.

The following example shows how to configure the operation in Anypoint Studio:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *Validation > Is empty collection*.
. Drag *Is empty collection* to the Studio canvas.

> . In the *Is empty collection* configuration screen, set the *Value* field to `payload`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the *Is empty collection* configuration screen, set the *Value* field to `payload`:
```

.Is empty collection Configuration
image::validation-isemptycollection.png[Is empty collection Configuration]

In the XML editor, the configuration looks like this:

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<validation:is-empty-collection values="#[payload]"/>
----

== Configure Is False Operation

The *Is false* operation validates that an expression evaluates to `false`.

The following example shows how to configure the operation in Anypoint Studio:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *Validation > Is false*.
. Drag *Is false* to the Studio canvas.

> . In the *Is false* configuration screen, for the *Expression* field select `Expression`, and in the empty field add  `#[vars.withFailures]`.

Reviewer: Add a comma after both occurrences of "field." 
Since that would result in a chopped up sentence, I would reword to:

In the *Is false* configuration screen, select `Expression` in the *Expression* field and add   `#vars.withFailures]` in the empty field.

This comment applies to other similar sentences.

> . In the *Is false* configuration screen, for the *Expression* field, select `Expression`, and in the empty field add  `#[vars.withFailures]`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the *Is false* configuration screen, for the *Expression* field, select `Expression`, and in the empty field add  `#[vars.withFailures]`:
```

.Is false Configuration
image::validation-isfalse.png[Is false collection Configuration]

In the XML editor, the configuration looks like this:

> 

Reviewer 2: delete extra line

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<validation:is-false expression="#[vars.withFailures]"/>
----

== Configure the Is Not Blacklisted IP Operation

> The *Is not blacklisted IP* operation validates that a given IP is not in the blacklisted IP list. The IP filter list can be defined globally in the app or inline for each validator.

Reviewer 2: active voice
```suggestion
The *Is not blacklisted IP* operation validates that a given IP is not in the blacklisted IP list. You can define the IP filter list either globally in the app or inline for each validator.
```

The following example shows how to configure the operation in Anypoint Studio:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *Validation > Is not blacklisted IP*.
. Drag *Is not blacklisted IP* to the Studio canvas.
. In the *Is not blacklisted IP* configuration screen, complete the following parameters:
+
* *Ip address* +
`vars.ip`
* *Black list* +
`Edit inline`
* *Ips* +
`Edit inline`
+
[start=4]

> . Click the plus sign (*+*) to open the IP value window.

Reviewer 2: Per Style Ref.m this really could be just...:
```suggestion
. Click *+* to open the IP value window.
```
GLOBAL in task steps (you can avoid naming what a UI element is if it has a label or icon).

> . Set the *Value* field to `2001:db8::/48`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Set the *Value* field to `2001:db8::/48`:
```

.Is not blacklisted IP Configuration
image::validation-isnotblacklisted.png[Is not blacklisted IP collection Configuration]

In the XML editor, the configuration looks like this:

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<flow name="validate-not-filtered-ip">
  <validation:is-not-blacklisted-ip ipAddress="#[vars.ip]">
    <validation:black-list>
        <validation:ips>
            <validation:ip value="2001:db8::/48"/>
        </validation:ips>
    </validation:black-list>
  </validation:is-not-blacklisted-ip>
</flow>
----

== Configure the Is Not Blank String Operation

The *Is not blank string* validates that the provided value is not a blank String.

The following example shows how to configure the operation in Anypoint Studio:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *Validation > Is not blank string*.
. Drag *Is not blank string* to the Studio canvas.
. In the *Is not blank string* configuration screen, complete the following parameters:

* *Value* +
`payload`
* *Message* +

> `The username cannot be blank`

Reviewer 2: Some of these messages end with periods and some do not; please mimic the UI

.Is not blank string Configuration
image::validation-isnotblankstring.png[Is not blank string Configuration]

In the XML editor, the configuration looks like this:

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<validation:is-not-blank-string value="#[payload]" message="The username cannot be blank"/>
----

== Configure the Is Not Elapsed Time Operation

The *Is not elapsed* operation validates that a given time has not elapsed since the specified initial time.

The following example shows how to configure the operation in Anypoint Studio:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *Validation > Is not elapsed*.
. Drag *Is not elapsed* to the Studio canvas.
. In the *Is not elapsed* configuration screen, complete the following parameters:

* *Time* +
`20`
* *Time unit* +
`SECONDS`
* *Since*

> `vars.time`

Reviewer 2: BTW, I have added to the SR guidance for this type of bullet list this text:

EXCEPTION: If the list item is followed by a very short value, follow the list item with a colon (:) and then the value, without breaking into a following paragraph.

So, you can GLOBALLY change the formatting of these lists, when you have time, to...:

```suggestion
* *Time*: `20`
* *Time unit*: `SECONDS`
* *Since*: `vars.time`
```

.Is not elapsed time Configuration
image::validation-isnotelapsed.png[.Is not elapsed time Configuration]

In the XML editor, the configuration looks like this:

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<validation:is-not-elapsed time="20" timeUnit="SECONDS" since="#[vars.time]"/>
----

== Configure the Is Not Empty Collection Operation

The *Is not empty collection* parameter validates that a value is not an empty collection. This value defaults to the payload.

The following example shows how to configure the operation in Anypoint Studio:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *Validation > Is not empty collection*.
. Drag *Is not empty collection* to the Studio canvas.

> . In the *Is not empty collection* configuration screen, set the *Value* field to `payload`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the *Is not empty collection* configuration screen, set the *Value* field to `payload`:
```

.Is not empty collection Configuration
image::validation-isnotemptycollection.png[Is not empty collection Configuration]

In the XML editor, the configuration looks like this:

> 

Reviewer 2: Remove extra line
```suggestion
```

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<validation:is-not-empty-collection values="#[payload]"/>
----

== Configure the Is Not Null Operation

The *Is not null* operation validates that the given value is not `null`.

The following example shows how to configure the operation in Anypoint Studio:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *Validation > Is not null*.
. Drag *Is not null* to the Studio canvas.
. In the *Is not null* configuration screen, complete the following parameters:

* *Value* +
`payload`
* *Message* +

> `Null is not a valid value`.

Reviewer 2: When you have time...:

```suggestion
* *Value*: `payload`
* *Message*: `Null is not a valid value`
```

.Is not null Configuration
image::validation-isnotnull.png[Is not null Configuration]

In the XML editor, the configuration looks like this:

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<validation:is-not-null value="#[payload]" message="Null is not a valid value"/>
----

== Configure the Is Null Operation

The *Is Null* operation validates if the provided value is `null`.

The following example shows how to configure the operation in Anypoint Studio:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *Validation > Is null*.
. Drag *Is null* to the Studio canvas.

> . In the *Is null* configuration screen, set the *Value* field to `payload`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the *Is null* configuration screen, set the *Value* field to `payload`:
```

.Is null Configuration
image::validation-isnull.png[Is null Configuration]

In the XML editor, the configuration looks like this:
[source,xml,linenums]
----
<validation:is-null value="#[payload]"/>
----

== Configure Is Number Operation

> The *Is number* operation verifies that a String can be parsed as a Number of a specified numeric type, using the given locale (defaulting to the System Locale) and pattern (which defaults to the Locale pattern). This validation can include a range in which the number is valid using the *Min value* and *Max Value* parameters.

Reviewer: Use "defaulting" or "which defaults" for both parts of the sentence.
is valid > is validated

> The *Is number* operation verifies that a String can be parsed as a Number of a specified numeric type, using the given locale (which to the System Locale) and pattern (which defaults to the Locale pattern). This validation can include a range in which the number is validated using the *Min value* and *Max Value* parameters.

Reviewer 2: ditto prev. comments about init. caps. for String, Number, etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The *Is number* operation verifies that a string can be parsed as a number of a specified numeric type, using the given locale (which defaults to the system locale) and pattern (which defaults to the locale pattern). This validation can include a range in which the number is validated using the *Min value* and *Max Value* parameters.
```

The following example shows how to configure the operation in Anypoint Studio:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *Validation > Is number*.
. Drag *Is number* to the Studio canvas.

> . In the *Is number* configuration screen, complete the following parameters:

Reviewer 2: Please change this word GLOBALLY above/throughout:
```suggestion
. In the *Is number* configuration screen, provide the following parameters:
```

* *Value* +
`payload`
* *Locale* +
`US`
* *Min value* +
`vars.minValue`
* *Max value* +
`vars.maxValue`
* *Number type* +

> `INTEGER`

Reviewer 2: ditto reformat when you have time

.Is number Configuration
image::validation-isnumber.png[Is number Configuration]

In the XML editor, the configuration looks like this:
[source,xml,linenums]

> 

Reviewer 2: nec?
Please GLOBALLY double-check the linespacing and coding between "...looks like this:" and the syntax example.

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<validation:is-number value="#[payload]"
                      minValue="#[vars.minValue]"
                      maxValue="#[vars.maxValue]"
                      numberType="INTEGER" locale="US"/>
----

== Configure Is Time Operation

> The *Is time* operation verifies that a time is valid for the given pattern and locale. If no pattern is provided, then the locale default is used

Reviewer: Need a period

The following example shows how to configure the operation in Anypoint Studio:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *Validation > Is time*.
. Drag *Is time* to the Studio canvas.

> . In the *Is time* configuration screen, complete the following parameters:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the *Is time* configuration screen, provide the following parameters:
```

* *Time* +
`payload`
* *Locale* +
`h:mm a`
* *Pattern* +

> `UK`

Reviewer 2: ditto reformatting when you have time

.Is time Configuration
image::validation-istime.png[Is time Configuration]

In the XML editor, the configuration looks like this:

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<validation:is-time time="#[payload]" pattern="h:mm a" locale="UK"/>
----

== Configure the Is True Operation

The *Is true* operation verifies that an expression evaluates to `true`.

The following example shows how to configure the operation in Anypoint Studio:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *Validation > Is true*.
. Drag *Is true* to the Studio canvas.

> . In the *Is true* configuration screen, for the *Expression* field select `Expression`, and in the empty field add  `#[vars.doReply]`.

Reviewer 2: Suggested GLOBAL rewording order for sentences like this:
```suggestion
. In the *Expression* field of the *Is true* configuration screen, select `Expression`, and in the empty field add  `#[vars.doReply]`:
```

.Is true Configuration
image::validation-istrue.png[Is true Configuration]

In the XML editor, the configuration looks like this:

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<validation:is-true expression="#[vars.doReply]"/>
----

== Configure the Is Whitelisted IP Operation

The *Is whitelisted ip* operation validates that a given IP is in the whitelisted IP list.

The following example shows how to configure the operation in Anypoint Studio:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *Validation > Is whitelisted ip*.
. Drag *Is whitelisted ip* to the Studio canvas.

> . In the *Is whitelisted ip* configuration screen, complete the following parameters:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the *Is whitelisted ip* configuration screen, provide the following parameters:
```

+
* *Ip address* +
`#[payload]`
* *White list* +
`Edit inline`
* *Ips* +

> `Edit inline`

Reviewer 2: ditto

+
[start=4]

> . Click the plus sign (*+*) to open the IP value window.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Click *+* to open the IP value window.
```

> . Set the *Value* field to `192.168.1.0/24`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Set *Value* to `192.168.1.0/24`.
```

> . Repeat the previous two steps and add the following IP addresses `127.0.0.1` and `193.1`.

Reviewer: IP addresses:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Repeat the previous two steps and add the IP addresses `127.0.0.1` and `193.1`:
```

.Is whitelisted ip Configuration
image::validation-iswhitelistedip.png[Is whitelisted ip Configuration]

In the XML editor, the configuration looks like this:

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<flow name="FlowValidation" >
		<validation:is-whitelisted-ip ipAddress="payload">
			<validation:white-list >
				<validation:ips >
					<validation:ip value="192.168.1.0/24" />
					<validation:ip value="127.0.0.1" />
					<validation:ip value="193.1" />
				</validation:ips>
			</validation:white-list>
		</validation:is-whitelisted-ip>
	</flow>
----

== Configure the Matches Regex Operation

The *Matches regex* operation validates that a given expression matches a Java regular expression.

The following example shows how to configure the operation in Anypoint Studio:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *Validation > Matches regex*.
. Drag *Matches regex* to the Studio canvas.

> . In the *Matches regex* configuration screen, for the *Expression* field select `Expression`, and in the empty field add  `#[vars.doReply]`.

Reviewer 2: ditto previous suggested rewording

Reviewer 2: Also, end with colon.

.Matches regex Configuration
image::validation-matchesregex.png[Matches regex Configuration]

In the XML editor, the configuration looks like this:

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<validation:matches-regex value="#[payload]" regex=".+\.log" caseSensitive="false"/>
----

== Configure Validate Size Operation

> The *Validate size* operation validates that the input size is between given minimum and maximum boundaries.

Reviewer: ...Is between the given minimum...
or ...is between the specified minimum...

> The *Validate size* operation validates that the input size is between the given minimum and maximum boundaries.

Reviewer 2: better?
```suggestion
The *Validate size* operation validates that the input size is between specified boundaries.
```

> This is valid for inputs of type String, Collection, Map, and Array. In the case of a String, the size refers to the length in characters.

Reviewer 2: So...I agree with init. capping type Names, but not without the term "type" to clarify:
```suggestion
This is valid for inputs of type String, Collection, Map, and Array. In the case of a string, the size refers to the length, in characters.
```
OR
```suggestion
This is valid for inputs of type String, Collection, Map, and Array. In the case of a String type, the size refers to the length, in characters.
```
GLOBAL

The following example shows how to configure the operation in Anypoint Studio:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *Validation > Validate size*.
. Drag *Validate size* to the Studio canvas.

> . In the *Validate size* configuration screen, complete the following parameters:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the *Validate size* configuration screen, provide the following parameters:
```

* *Value* +
`payload`
* *Min* +
`vars.minLength`
* *Max* +

> `vars.maxLength`

Reviewer 2: ditto

.Validate size Configuration
image::validation-validatesize.png[Validate size Configuration]

In the XML editor, the configuration looks like this:

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<validation:validate-size value="#[payload]" min="#[vars.minLength]" max="#[vars.maxLength]"/>
----

== Configure All Scope

> The *All* scope evaluates a list of nested validation operations and informs only one `VALIDATION:MULTIPLE` error which summarizes all of the found errors.

Reviewer: , which
I don't think "informs" is the right word here.  Also, this doesn't always return an error, so you might need to qualify this. Maybe "can return..."

Reviewer 2: What she said ^

> There are scenarios in which you may want to evaluate several conditions, out of which more than one could fail simultaneously. In these cases, it’s ideal to generate a single error that contains all of the descriptions. About the *All* scope validator:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sometimes you want to evaluate several conditions, and some might fail simultaneously. In these cases, generate a single error that contains all of the descriptions. About the *All* scope validator:
```

Reviewer 2: Hmm...so it seems that this para clarifies the one previous, that Diane commented about. 

I think we are repeating the same thing in three ways above, here, and below.

Can we...:

- Explain how this is a SCOPE and not an OPERATION, like the previous subtopics
- Say that our audience should configure the All scope to validate several conditions but receive just one multiline error message if any or all conditions fail (one line per error)?
- Why do we have to say that validations are executed (?) even if all fail: don't you have to validate before you can even tell if something fails? What is executed?

> * All validations are executed even if all of them fail.

Reviewer 2: See question above.

> * If any of the validations fail, one single exception is thrown. The exception contains a multiline message in which each line corresponds to every failing validation.

Reviewer: a single exception
in which each line corresponds to a failing validation

Reviewer 2: As suggested, I think we can say all of this in one or two sentences rather than paras.

> * Validators are executed sequentially using the flow’s thread, but the order shouldn't matter because validators don’t cause any side effects.

Reviewer: shouldn't matter > doesn't matter ???

Reviewer 2: Why even mention this? Isn't this 1) logical and 2) irrelevant to user experience?

> * Unlike the rest of the validation operations, the *All* scope validator does not enable you to customize the exception type or the message through `validation:exception` or exception factory elements. However, you can customize the message of the inner validation operations.

Reviewer 2: This sounds like something that should come at the beginning, when we explain WHAT the scope vs. the operations are?
See proposed order of info above.

The following example shows how to configure the *All* scope validator in Anypoint Studio that simultaneously validates that:

> * The first and last name are not empty strings

Reviewer: Add periods to the list items.

Reviewer 2: ^

> * The age is a valid integer number above 18

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The age is a valid integer above 18.
```

> * The email address is valid

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The email address is valid.
```

* The social security number has the correct size and matches a regular expression

> To configure *All* scope in Studio:

Reviewer: the *All* scope

> * The social security number has the correct size and matches a regular expression

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The social security number is the correct length and matches a regular expression.
```

> To configure *All* scope in Studio:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To configure the *All* scope in Studio:
```

. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *Validation > All*.
. Drag *All* to the Studio canvas.

> . Drag the *Is not empty collection* operation inside the *All* scope in the flow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Drag the *Is not empty collection* operation into the *All* scope in the flow.
```

. In the *Is not empty collection* configuration screen, set the *Values* field to `#[payload.firstName]` and the `Message` field to `First name cannot be empty`.
. Drag another *Is not empty collection* operation to the right of the first *Is not empty collection* operation.

> . In the *Is not empty collection* configuration screen, set the *Values* field to `#[payload.lastName]` and the `Message` field to `Last name cannot be empty`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the new *Is not empty collection* configuration screen, set the *Values* field to `#[payload.lastName]` and the `Message` field to `Last name cannot be empty`.
```

. Drag the *Is number* operation to the right of the second *Is not empty collection* operation.

> . In the *Is number* configuration screen, complete the following parameters:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the *Is number* configuration screen, provide the following parameters:
```

+
* *Value* +
`payload.age`
* *Min value* +
`18`
* *Number type* +

> `INTEGER`

Reviewer 2: ditto

+
[start=9]
. Set the *Message* field to `Not an adult`.
. Drag the *Is email* operation to the right of the *Is number* operation.
. In the *Is email* configuration screen, set the *Email* field to `payload.email`.
. Drag the *Matches regex* operation to the right of the *Is email* operation.
. In the *Matches regex* configuration screen, complete the following parameters:
+
* *Value* +
`payload.ssn`
* *Regex* +

> `^(?!000|666)[0-8][0-9]{2}-(?!00)[0-9]{2}-(?!0000)[0-9]{4}$`

Reviewer 2: ditto

+
[start=14]
. Set the *Message* field to `Invalid SSN`.
. Drag the *Validate size* operation to the right of the *Matches regex* operation.
. In the *Validate size* configuration screen, complete the following parameters:
+
* *Value* +
`payload.ssn`
* *Min* +
`11`
* *Max* +

> `11`

Reviewer 2: ditto

[start=17]

> . Set the *Message* field to `SSN too short`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Set the *Message* field to `SSN too short`:
```
